hi I'm Ashley Marriott welcome to a
bracket rockin fat blasting programs on
this DVD I'm gonna lead you through five
different workouts you can choose from
beginner intermediate or advanced ab
rocket classes or as a bonus there's
also a Pilates class and to shake off
the calories and have fun we've got a 30
minute cardio dance program now before
we get started let's go over some key
features of your ab rocket you'll notice
that you have adjustment settings for
your headrest
I want you to take a moment and adjust
the headrest so it suits you perfectly
if you're tall it's gonna be up towards
the top if you're a little shorter you
might have the adjustment down towards
the middle or the bottom now your ad
rocket comes with three different launch
cylinders launch cylinder one is gonna
give you the least resistance so that's
gonna make the workout the most
challenging launch cylinder two is great
for intermediate workouts and launch
cylinder three is a great place to start
because it's gonna give you the most
support and the most momentum now you
can always mix and match it's easy to
take the launch cylinders on and off so
feel free to put a 1 with a 2 a 3 with a
2 whatever works best for you you're
gonna find the perfect resistance so
let's sit down and take a moment to go
over proper form seated comfortably
you're gonna roll back connect the lower
back right into that bottom cushion
slowly ease onto the a bracket and
you'll feel the connection all the way
through your upper back spine and most
importantly your head is relaxed on the
cushion chin away from the chest this is
where you want to start the moves now
we're gonna go up for a crunch and keep
our head on the cushion the whole time
let's go up into one
down and did you keep your head relaxed
on the cushion I hope so
let's go up nice and slow one two is
your head on it it should be and down
again let's try it and up head and neck
is on it and down perfect here's what I
don't want to see up two and down that's
just a lot of extra stress on your neck
and you're not really working your abs
so everything starts from the core neck
is relaxed let's try it one more time I
know you've got it and relax the head
and lift and down that's it great job
now before you do this or any other
workout program make sure you check with
your physician and as you go through the
workouts stay hydrated now let's get
started
you